Document benchmarking CLI (#11246)
paritytech/substrate: frame/benchmarking/README.md

```bash
cd bin/node/cli
cargo build --profile=production --features runtime-benchmarks
```

The production profile applies various compiler optimizations.  
These optimizations slow down the compilation process *a lot*.  

> If you are just testing things out and don't need final numbers, use `--release` instead.

Reviewer: just don't use `--release` at all?

Author: Yea that is the TLDR. You think I should just remove it?  
My thought was that if you modify the source it would be horrible to wait for a production build every time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are just testing things out and don't need final numbers, don't include `--profile=production`.
```
